Second Elder Tianzong is extremely ambitious
Why do you want to let the tiger go back to the mountain?
Who is the tiger?
After all, they are also high-ranking members of Tianzong
Even after leaving Tianzong
You can also find a new backer at will
What if it makes a comeback in the future?
make a comeback
Then it will be wiped out
I'd like to see it
Who is the person who is secretly helping them?
You mean the endless Tianzong
There is a kid who practices Qiqi to be a blade master. It's good
But he holds a heaven and earth order and can summon heaven and earth heroic souls
That's why I waited to end up like this
Well, it's just a wisp of spirituality
The deity can kill the finger at will
Also please Lei Yun Tianzun
Can help us recapture Tianzong
I will be the horse right clan of Tianzun
Hahaha, a little god
Is it worth it to do it yourself?
Help them take down the Heavenly Zong
subordinate order
That's fine.
Lord Lei Xi is a master of Yuan Yingqi
Plus the help of this soldier
Taking down Tianzong is just around the corner
Hmm Mingyang
This time I'll let you know
The end of bullying the old man